PT-164102948 Remove legacy WS API (#328)
aeternity/protocol: node/api/README.md

reached, any new incoming connections will be rejected with an error code 400.
This is to prevent the node of being overloaded with WebSocket connections.

### Messages overview

The JSON-RPC protocol supports both synchronous RPC and asynchronous notifications.
An RPC is indicated by the inclusion of an `'id'` parameter. The Aeternity API
can be used both synchronously and asynchronously. When an asynchronous method is called, the reply will have `'method': '<RequestMethod>.reply'`.

Implementation support exists for batch processing, however this is not yet tested.

### Examples

#### Example, synchronous RPC

```javascript
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",

>   "id": -576460752303423475,

Reviewer: Is the negative id expected?

Reviewer: I see a number https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object

so negative looks alright...

 | 106    | Timeout                   |  3          |  [2]   |
 | 107    | Conflict                  |  3          |  [2]   |
 | 1001   | Insufficient balance      |  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1002   | Negative amount           |  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1003   | Invalid pubkeys           |  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1004   | Call not found            |  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1005   | Broken encoding: accounts |  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1006   | Broken encoding: contracts|  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1007   | Contract init failed      |  3          |  [3]   |
 | 1008   | Not a number              |  3          |  [3]   |

#### Example, error object
 ```javascript
{
  "error": {
    "code": 3,
    "data": [
      {
        "code": 1004,
        "message": "Call not found"
      }
    ],
    "message": "Rejected",
    "request": {
      "jsonrpc": "2.0",
      "method": "channels.get.contract_call",
      "params": {
        "caller": "ak_KcR46Qk9aEmHnWwGZLAW7u5MT3FLsxszmkx9rphLfCZoBAzFY",
        "contract": "ct_28pwhjFEVfuirjPzJDRTE4o4ybjKw7vjMymRdhhVrDEVTuXAtq",
        "round": 8
      }
    }
  },
  "id": null,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0"
}
```

> Detailed message transcripts from test suites can be found [here](./examples/aehttp_integration_SUITE/json-rpc/).

Reviewer: The link seems not working for me, maybe you meant the following?
```suggestion
Detailed message transcripts from test suites can be found [here](./examples/channels/json-rpc/).
```

Author: Yes, sorry.

> Detailed message transcripts from test suites can be found [for JSON-RPC](./examples/aehttp_integration_SUITE/json-rpc/) and [for legacy](./examples/aehttp_integration_SUITE/legacy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed message transcripts from test suites can be found [for JSON-RPC](./examples/aehttp_integration_SUITE/json-rpc/).
```
